Privacy Policy


This software respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, this software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this software will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This software will update this privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this Software Services Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Software Service Use Agreement.

1. Scope of application

a) the personal registration information you provide based on the requirements of this software when you register for this software account;

b) The information on your browser and computer that is automatically received and recorded by the software when you use this software web service or access this software platform webpage, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, use Data such as language, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;

c) User personal data obtained by the software from a business partner through legal means.

You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:

a) keyword information that you enter when using the search service provided by this software platform;

b) Information about the information you have collected in this software, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

c) Violation of the law or violation of the rules of the software and the actions that the software has taken against you.

2. Information use

a) The software will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and the software (including the software affiliate) are either alone or jointly You provide the service, and after the service is over, it will be blocked from accessing all of this material that it has previously been able to access.

b) This software does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Any software platform user who engages in the above activities, once found, the software has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.

c) For the purpose of serving the User, the software may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to, to send you product and service information, or to share information with the software Partner so that they may You send information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

3. Information disclosure

In the following circumstances, the software will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or the law:

a) disclose to third parties with your prior consent;

b) in order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;

c) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of the administrative or judicial authorities;

d) If you are in violation of relevant laws, regulations or this software Service Agreement or related rules, you need to disclose it to third parties;

e) If you are a qualified IP Complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the Respondent at the request of the Complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;

f) In a transaction created on the software platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills the transaction obligation and requests for information disclosure, the software has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty. To facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.

g) Other disclosures that the software considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

4. Information storage and exchange

The information and materials collected by you in this software will be stored on the software and/or the servers of its affiliates. This information and materials may be sent to your country, region or the location where the software collects information and materials. It is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.

5. Use of cookies

a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this software will set or retrieve cookies on your computer.

So that you can log in or use this software platform service or feature that relies on cookies. This software uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services. b) You have the right to choose to accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use this software network service or feature that relies on cookies.

c) This policy will apply to information obtained through the cookies set in this software.

6. Information security

a) This software account has security protection function, please keep your username and password information safe. This software will ensure that your information is not lost, not abused or altered by security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the information network.

b) When using this software web service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if the software username and password are leaked, please contact the software customer service immediately so that the software can take corresponding measures.


